<h3 id="post-title">End of relationship with VB.NET</h3>

<i id="post-date">2008-02-29 00:00</i>

<p id="post-group">Musings</p>

<p id="post-category">Experiences</p>

<div id="post-body">

	<p>Everyday brings along with it a number of new experiences and somehow these all experiences have always got something to teach. Last thirty days too brought in some of the most varied experiences with them, the only difference was that I got damn confused in the way, about the lessons they were trying to teach. I got so baffled that I am still searching for words to bash myself. Anyway, I have tried my undemanding best to squiggle down my state of mind, in here. I don't know why, but I am not able to even recall words and sometimes even not able to articulate the most uncomplicated words.</p>

	<p>I am confused about what should I write here. One part of my mind is forcing towards the expression of guilt, while other is directing me to flush out my frustration. Sometimes I am feeling lucky and sometimes I am feeling about someone's bad luck. One moment I am forced to think about my insaneness and the other moment I start believing in fate. My reasoning has grown strong, I am able to sway the low feelings but my mind has grown weak, they keep coming, whenever I recall a single day of the last thirty days. I won't confuse you more, with my confusion, in plain words, this piece is about my relations with VB.NET. I know, I can express more naturally with cryptic words, but somehow, my heart is saying that I should not be encrypted this time.</p>

	<p>I believe I am a simple person who keeps to himself, but I also believe that my animal quotient is too high. I believe I can speak things really differently and I know how to manipulate my sentences to make them the causal of effects desired by me. These two traits when come together, sometimes, become too powerful, and I do not have any control over the combination. I am not able to control the speed with, which my brain computes, and I do not have any control over what part of my brain gets active. In last thirty days these traits appeared in combination. I was speaking the most manipulative sentences, with all processing devoted, and with the animal side awake. Moreover, the support of lie was coming in rich supply.</p>

	<p>Most of the time, I am alone, and I love the controlled life that I have, when I am alone. The mentioned traits have indeed, on occasions, forced me to be alone. Anyway, I am comfortable with me and myself. Aloofness is broken by friends, and again somehow I have always been in company of tough people. Most of the friends, I have had in life were either strong enough to punch and control me or were able to effect my thoughts, without getting their thoughts effected. I somehow gel up with the either the most careless people or with the one, with lots of wisdom but last thirty days had something else to shine on me.</p>

	<p>I met a girl, who considered herself, to be smart and beautiful enough to fool around with others. As a matter of fact she is beautiful. I was introduced to her by someone holding very similar thoughts and at the moment of introduction, people around were kind enough to do things that evoked my animal instincts. That's the time I regret now. I regret why I got introduced to her with that instinct in mind. Words started playing there role and idle brain got job to do. Well this is not a problem, it cannot cause harm to someone in a small duration of time, since my manipulations in general involve long time durations, but the problem was the person who got involved. It became more of subconscious mental tussle. The girl was trying to win over my mind, and my mind was boiling to win over her. I remember that I sensed that moment itself that she was going to loose and I spoke the same, but probably a fighting mind never accepts truths spoken as it is. Anyway, I know straight words, in midst of twisted ones are normally rendered false. Huh! Another manipulation I use too frequently. I won't add this all was unintentional because it was finally my brain, though the two independent threads keep fighting that it was not me.</p>

	<p>That meeting left the girl waiting for more grounds to fight, and as I said my manipulations are of long durations, I too planned my moves. This was the part that has left me with the feeling of guilt. I knew beforehand, that she was not mentally tough and I knew that she will never be able to understand what is happening, but I continued. Anyway, I blame my brain for that. During all this the girl was all very happy with the wins and seeing her moves succeed. The ugly part was I never failed her moves, I intentionally made her navigate the success path I had decided for her, and she did, she continued on the joy ride without ever perceiving what was happening.</p>

	<p>During this duration of thirty days, we talked each day and we met six times. Well I did not have anything to talk and neither had she. I was moving under the control of my mind and she was doing what her influenced my mind was saying. Amidst all this I do not know, when I lost control over my brain. My brain took its own course, it started generating its own words, all wrapped in flavours that her mind could accept. I know that even during this course, she was feeling that everything is taking the shape that she had thought.</p>

	<p>Everything was fine, but fate had something else to offer, it evoked the other bad side of me. I am a big time enthusiast to do most of the worldly things, but I am worst at maintaining my interest. I got bored of the way the relation was progressing. My brain got bored, though maintained its pace, and this was another big mistake that was committed. My brain was now working on two threads. Another thread started to work in background, to search for reasons to end this mind game. I became conscious of what I was doing, and I knew I was doing wrong.</p>
	<p>During this all she was unaware of what was happening inside my brain, though I tried to explain and indicate. I feel sorry that my expressions were all wrapped up, though I knew she was not competent enough to understand them. Sadly, I knew this very fact from the beginning. I sit and think sometimes that why did my brain progress towards doing all done, and now I know the answer. We enjoyed some great moments, with artificial sentiments from my side. I do not know if she actually was doing the same or had actually lost her heart. Whatever is the case I can give a million reasons in the favour of the argument that she was fooling me. These great moments comprised of sole physical relations, and yes there can be sex without having intercourse. One thing I have learnt from these moments is that even if a naked girl is lying beside you, it is not very difficult to control, and even in that situation one can be under control of ones brain.</p>

	<p>Well probably whatever moments we shared, she offered me all she could have possibly done but one thread of my brain was telling me that all I was doing was wrong. Amidst this internal war in my brain, she gave me resources that proved good for the thread working against our relation. She said once that she would commit suicide if I did not marry her, and that was the moment when the warning bells rang in my brain. A girl who can say so before marriage can possibly say so everyday after marriage and who knows can even commit it. Next, she started forcing me to call (phone) her everyday, and this particular dominance was very annoyed when broken. Not calling her annoyed her and calling her started annoying me. To top up all, she started interfering in my routine. She would get annoyed whenever I overworked. This was simply unacceptable to me. I got stuck between me and my brain.</p>

	<p>I started running away from her, started avoiding her and started to intentionally hurt her. I tried my best to hurt and frustrate her to the maximum. I had a false belief that I can irritate and frustrate anyone, but I was wrong. I tried hard enough to get dumped by her, but she failed my attempts, she did not dump me and increased her suicide threats. This annoyed me the most. I was trying, getting the relation over, in a way that would hurt her minimum, but probably she wanted it the other way or probably she was not able to understand my indications.</p>

	<p>Finally, February 14, 2008 came, and I did what I did not want to do. We met passionately and as the time passed, my brain started telling me that it was the time I should end it all. I started indicating my intentions, but probably she did not understand. The only effect I was able to have on her was that while going back home after meeting me, she was angry with me. I know I should have said it all then, but I was not able to gather strength. Somehow, this strength came when she was gone. I messaged her, through one of my friends, since I was still not able to do it myself, that whatever was in-between her and me, was physical, we had nothing to talk, and we did not share any other bonding, and that I could not continue with the relation anymore.</p>

	<p>The message sent, proved to be the climax bringer. A series of messages started arriving on my mobile, and believe me, each and every one of them was heavy enough to make me feel guilty and scare the shit out of me. Anyway, I am not a weak person at heart, and with the support of my friends, I managed not to reply to any of the messages and did not take any calls from her. I was scared, many of the messages were very sentimental, all comprising of threats of suicide. At one of the moments, I got so scared that I posted the condition on Yahoo Answers, to seek the solution, and the answers came in support. I do not know exactly if I molded the question, posted, in a manner to get positive response or they were actually genuine advices. I even do not know if the messages were threats or actual feelings, and this is something that still makes me feel guilty, though with uncertainty, of hurting someone.</p>

	<p>Suicide threats and emotional blackmails really piss me off. An important point to note here is that, even this pissing effect is caused by obvious selfish reasons. It means I am still not strong enough to handle my mistakes. Another thing that's worth noting is that why someone gives such threats. Anger! Frustration! Pain! Depression! I do not know, I have till now never went under such extreme feeling, and hope that does not happens in future too. Well probably physical relations start tying you into a knot, which is never explained in words, sentiments, and emotions. It is all about trust. I still, firmly, believe that if a girl gets physical with someone, to any extent, until and unless is not a whore, will have started to trust. Winning of this trust has left me with the deep feeling of guilt. How the hell in the world can I use my words in such insane lies? Well, now it is not about repenting but about realizing and not repeating the same.</p>

	<p>The very night of February 14, 2008, when I was left alone at my room, I broke, and I called her up. I guess even this was triggered by the word suicide, but whatever be the case, I just broke. I called her up, and tried explaining her the reason behind, though still my words were wrapped in blanket of lies, but yes this time it was for good of us both. Finally, my balance (mobiles') went off, and the call ended. It was around 3:00 AM at that time, and I know why I was not able to sleep that whole night.</p>

	<p>Next day, morning I received a message from her that she was going to commit suicide, followed by a message that she has taken an excess dose of some medicine. That was the moment I felt ground slipping beneath my feet. Thanks to some of my good friends, there to support. This is one part that still makes me feel blameworthy; I involved people in wrong actions of mine. Anyway, one of my friends went to her home and met her. She was alright. The feeling of culpability started to roll up. I started feeling that she was trying her hard to save the relation or probably was trying to use emotional tricks on me, as mentioned on Yahoo Answers. I guess people sitting around the world are lot experienced.</p>

	<p>In between this all, I received a message from her that said that she will never message, call or talk to me again. I felt good. Finally, everything seemed over. I had already received a number of messages by this time, and still when I read them, I feel a rush of shame starts flowing in my veins. Anyway, the night went silently, and no message came. I had not slept from around four days, and obviously slept without knowing what was going to happen next morning, the Sunday morning, and I had a test on Monday.</p>

	<p>During all this drama, I do not know if it was actually a drama, I did call her parents, and so did few of my friends and told them that she was a bit depressed and they should look after her. Suicide and the after-effects were obviously the motivating factor behind those calls. Well as such it is not like the motive was all selfish; even I had spent good moments with her, as had she with me. One thing I can assure you that one can't be physical with someone without any feelings.</p>

	<p>The next morning, February 17, 2008, she banged my door unexpectedly at around 9:00 AM. I was sleeping. I woke up, opened the door and was just shocked seeing her. The moment she entered the room she started beating me, and probably due to my nature and the effect of sleep, I too raised my hand. She calmed. She sat beside me crying and I did not know what was to be done. She was weeping and kept saying that she can't live without me and will die. She was hiding her face in my laps, and I could feel the weight of heart. This weight was probably because something mental had started blooming among us, and for all those moments I could feel that she was actually serious about me.</p>

	<p>The inevitable has already happened. The relation was at its end and I knew it, and I believed that was good for us. I just could not get back to her now. I was scared of being in relation with her. She was neither strong enough to control me nor was there any surety of something good happening afterwards. I kept explaining her, and tried my best that she should not cry, but all failed. This continued for some fifteen minutes. In between I have messaged two of my good friends to come to my room. My brain was now not working on only one thread.</p>

	<p>I would have broken if the fifteen minutes span would have continued even for ten more minutes, or would have not involved the word suicide, but fate had something else to offer. I looked into her eyes, I could not see any pain, I could not see any emotions, and I do not know what was there in her eyes but certainly it was not love. I pushed her back and made her sit on the chair a bit distant from my bed, and I kept sitting on the bed. I asked her to stop crying but she continued. I do not know if it is cheap, or insane, but that moment I was looking at her face, trying to find out, if she was actually crying or was feeling bad. I could not see anything. My anger and frustration level started growing, the pacifying talks changed to rude words and then sarcastic comments and then literally a verbal fight. The only good part was that she was not acting of crying now.</p>

	<p>Thirty or some minutes have passed. I came out of the room, and was waiting for any of my friends to come. Crying had completely stopped, I entered the room. She held one of her hands behind her back. She had a razor blade in her hand and said that she was going to commit suicide then itself. I do not know how I did not pee in my pants then, and started a hand to hand tussle with her, to take the blade off her hands. During this, one of my friends arrived. She intervened and tried to control her, and with her help I took out the blades from her fist. To my astonishment, her palm was not bleeding, that was actually a threat. All the feeling of guilt flew. My brain was under controlled thoughts again.</p>

	<p>My friend pacified her bit and then she left my room. I do not know why the hell she wasted my and my friend time, if she did not actually want to die. The answer came after around one hour. She messaged that she will again try to die, and that will be the punishment for me. I could see the reason behind her love plies. It was simple ego hurt, and plain rage. She was just not able to take that she was dumped. I may be wrong in this conclusion, but the events after, did prove it.</p>

	<p>I was feeling that the girl is actually mad, because just to punish me, she will commit suicide, and it was not love, it was rage. I was scared, rage is lot more powerful from love, though short lived it has more lunacy. I along with another of my friend phoned her father and told the truth that I and his daughter were going around from one month, and we had a break up, and in the depression of the same she wanted to commit suicide. I told him about the morning incident too. To my surprise, her father took it all too lightly. He said that people come and die in the world, and he is not affected by that. Her father seemed lunatic too. I got even more scared. Actually I did not get scared this time but got damn frustrated.</p>

	<p>Everyone has someone to trust upon. I trust my controlling office, who happens to be a Dean of my college. He was in Delhi on that day. I phoned him and told him the story. He said that I should not worry and that he will talk the matter off. That was the biggest relief I got. I do not know what he talked to my so called love and her father but the matter was solved. She messaged that she will not commit suicide now and I should end up this issue, and she does not want her father to get a bad name. The relation finally ended. I was not having any feeling of guilt. I knew that whatever happened was for good. Well, this is my perception, and I may be completely wrong and if that is the case probably I am one of the biggest sinners in the world.</p>

	<p>Some two weeks have passed now and everything is going fine. The only thing that has happened in last twelve days is that she has passed several messages to me through a common friend. She has started saying that I told her father that I used to enjoy her and that I will use her messages to blackmail her. She asked our common friend to get her snaps deleted from my laptop, and they have been deleted not only from my laptop but also from the CD backups, servers, and my email accounts. Even I do not want to have any memories of her now. I still have her messages that I will delete after some one month.</p>

	<p>At the end I still do not know if she loved me but I know that all happened for some good. I have taken my lessons from the relation. I have felt the importance of friends again. I have recognized people who are there for me in time I need someone most. I have learnt that parents always tell the truth and them advice the best. I have realized that words are too powerful and they should be used with care. I have realized that manipulative words should not be used on people with weak thoughts, brain, heart and soul. In all, I have found some good friends out of the relation and have learnt some of the greatest lessons of my life.</p>

</div>