<h3 id="post-title">Love as I see it!</h3>

<i id="post-date">2007-10-21 00:00</i>

<p id="post-group">Musings</p>

<p id="post-category">Stupid Philosophy</p>

<div id="post-body">

	<p>In the last few days, I had talk about love, with two people, who in a way or other did affect my life in one or other way. The talk, left incomplete once and the other time it was more complete, but somehow now I feel the need to write about, what I feel about love and so does it goes here.</p>

	<p>An introduction is necessary for every piece of writing, but I have eliminated it and would rather like to talk about how to read this writing. Well, the first thing is I have kept this piece in the simplest of the words and combinations, devoid of examples, more abstract, so it would require your brain to think with the lines. Next, this is for people, who have ever thought about love, mind it not there love, but only love. Lastly, if at any moment, while reading this piece, you stop getting the feel, just leave it, because the lines that would follow, will be just piece of shit for you and please do not try finding any literary pleasure in this writing. That is it! I will head start from the next very line.</p>

	<p>Love in normal life is felt in various forms, though the first one we think about is about and in between opposite sex, and is what would be easiest to visualize. This writing will hence be more concerned with the case of love between the opposite sexes, but yes, it is same in all forms of love. I divide love into stages, as many other have done, and all of our human love falls in one or the other stage, and all love passes these stages, though may end up at a few.</p>

	<p>The first stage of love is sex. I will like to remind you I mean abstract sex, and it encompasses a number of types of feelings. Anyways this stage of love is very short, with exceptions going hand in hand. The feeling of sex is with everyone and yes, there is no exception to it. All the chill, electric, pounding heart or whatever you name, feelings that arises, whenever you touch, is arises out of the sex quotient of this stage of love. Well this stage is in general very easy to cross. The day physical expectations take the form of touch, unsaid touch the stage starts reaching its end. Since, I would be more abstract afterwards; I need to include a crude example here to start giving you a feel. Say there is a male person, obviously in love with a girl. He cares the breasts for the first time, may be for the first time in his life, his hands may tremble, he may go wild, and his heart may start pounding and may be he gets nervous, but whatever is the case he will seek the need of the feeling again and again. Now, say touch, is there, the girls breasts rubs the hands of the male person occasionally, unknowingly, and unspoken, after sometime he will never crave for the feelings he will get the first time of touch. In addition, eventually the feeling or desire of caressing the breasts will vanish, and mind it is not sadist in nature. Believe me; this touch is so strong that it eliminates the sex out of the relation, without any unadventurous feelings. Lastly, touch may not always be real; it may in dreams and may be in imagination too.</p>

	<p>The next stage is when a person starts falling in love with the image, image of the person. Initially the image overlaps with the person, but later it separates out. In this stage of love, a person is in love with overlapping image of the person. The person makes out an image, incomplete image, which seeks its elements from the loved person’s actions. This stage is full of emotions and sentiments and happiness is just a part of it. As the time passes, the image becomes complete. This stage, with a complete image, is the most volatile. All feelings of happiness, pain etc are at its maximum when the image is complete, reason being the expectations, mismatch of the expectation between the actions of the person and the image build. As the stage matures, the complete image starts separating out of the person and then these feelings start to diminish or rather start converging towards satisfaction. One thing that needs to be explicitly said, is that, a person falls in love with a image, not the person, once this stage is reached i.e. we love a image not a person, whether it be sexually, emotionally, or sentimentally. Anyways, this is the most common stage among all the stages of love.</p>

	<p>The third stage of love starts when the image totally separates out of the person. The actions do not matter any more the image is complete. As such, this is the most interesting, among the stages of love due the variants it has. This stage, in most of the cases, is also the shortest stage of all. Serious love as many people term it, then break up, passes through this stage too. Without realising, the person reaches this stage too fast, then starts generating a new image all together and reaches back to the previous stage, the moment some other person fitting well into that image. Anyways, this is mostly not the case, when the image takes its time to mature and getting complete. In the core cases, this stage becomes the longest and person is totally into the image. It is the stage where a person may even kill the person being in love with without feeling any pain or may not feel hard on break up, or may even be comfortable, seeing the person being in love with sleep with someone else. This is the kind of height of love falling in this stage. Personally, this is the stage, which I actually call as love.</p>

	<p>A hybrid of the second and the third kind of love is single sided love, as it has been termed. A person creates a dynamic image and keeps hibernating between the two stages of love, unless the love does not remains single sided or the love reaches the third stage of love completely i.e. with a complete image. The most interesting part of this hybrid is that, break ups happens here too, though are similar to the one of the third stage, where the break ups are not due to expectations.</p>

	<p>The fourth stage is the stage when a person falls in love with moments, moments of satisfaction, spiced up with moments of happiness. Most of the people realize this stage of love only when the love is lost. Anyways, loosing of love is not mandatory. After continuously loving the image, the image starts becoming the part of one and it no longer remains something other than self. A person does not see, imagines, or visualizes or whatever, the image is lost. The person starts getting sweet feelings, feelings of happiness and satisfaction, from the moments. One thing that I need to make explicit here is that satisfaction incorporates pain. The most interesting part about this stage is, the person does not even need to be with the person being in love with anymore, forget bout the actions. The person being in love with if exists in life, becomes a medium, to recall the moments, just a medium, a catalyst. Lastly, this love somehow reaches this stage in the break ups that happen in stage three loves, though just for a small moment.</p>

	<p>The next and the fifth stage of love is the stage when the person falls in love with the feelings, the feelings of the moments. A person needs to recall the moments, whether consciously or subconsciously, to get the particular feel and in this stage of love, this need is lost. Just imagine the case when you are always high, say on alcohol i.e. you always feel high whether you drink or you not. People may argue that this stage may be actually feeling less indeed, but that is not true. Feeling are lost with continuous feels, this stage is reached in between the cycles of feels, it just one feel that lasts, mostly subconsciously.</p>

	<p>The last stage of love is of being blank, just blank, amongst a void, in an everlasting feel of inner silence. I do not have proper words to describe this stage since it starts where words start to end or rather our language is incomplete too describe this stage. This stage comes, altogether for all the love in the person life. Everything feels same; or rather, nothings feel at all. You can call it nirvana of love probably. Fuck me, I do not have words for this stage, still I am in the stage of visualizing this stage, and am stuck in a pale from where I am not able to get out of the box, sorry for that.</p>

	<p>This is all how I classify love and probably see love. I can fill pages on the details and can provide with supporting examples, but probably that will make your imaginations bound with rules, so better I thought to leave the imagination part to you. You must have perceived the writing to the level of thought process that has passed your life and I know if you have felt the life more than me, you would already realized, and in that case please do enlighten me with your thoughts too. For the people who are like, who read anything that come there way, and have read it without any feel, just fuck off. Lastly, lucky you, who survived until the end and that too with the feel or with more feel then mine, thanks for reading this piece, and laughingly yes, if you are a female do contact me.</p>

	<p>have a loving life!</p>

</div>