<h3 id="post-title">My corporeal relations with VB.NET</h3>

<i id="post-date">2008-02-09 00:00</i>

<p id="post-group">Musings</p>

<p id="post-category">Experiences</p>

<div id="post-body">

	<p>Experiences are the finest teacher, and they make an individual, an eternal student, making the transition from student to teacher intricate. Teacher expresses, and student grasps, understands and implements, but when it comes to take the turn of the teacher, it sometimes becomes too difficult. Words fall short, sentences deny the shape, and everything told seems imperfect. One keeps rephrasing the explanations, and finally something filling turns up, though it also depends on the good luck.</p>

	<p>Well I did this much of trash converse, to perceptibly set the stage, about something, and I believe I have made it clear that this writing is truly difficult for me. This piece is about corporal experiences, not mine, though I am the causal. At this point, itself I am feeling that the content is going to hurt someone, but I am helpless, all I can do is to change the names, to make the text less reflective. Anyways, I won't natter around more, and will rather jump to the major now, though will try to keep it abstract.</p>

	<p>This piece is about my physical relationships with a girl, named VB.NET (name changed). January marked its start, and it poised primarily of all nagging, and opposing comments. Showing support for C, JAVA (names changed), and others seemed to have had an immense effect. VB.NET fell for me, unusual, but true, unlike me falling for C. I started calling VB.NET whenever I felt to program lightly, or got my radiators blazing after a hectic day. These calls were independent of the fact that I loved programming in C and JAVA more or enjoyed the company of KERNEL (name changed) lot more. I had never felt that the inadequacies of C and JAVA would force me into VB.NET to the extent I have got in, but probably that was the providence.</p>

	<p>Well short meetings turned into more intense encounters, but the itinerary was different, and I learnt that I was walking away from writing triumphant programs. I was doing all coding without any design, pitiable, but probably VB.NET supported my express, result oriented programming in a way, which mostly leads to bugs. I was able to see them, they were right in front of me, but the ease that VB.NET provided, forced me to continue without any stopping. Anyways, I am a slipshod experimenter in existence and so am I in programming. I continued without worrying, despite seeing the coming future. VB.NET was fooling me, it was trying to show me all that could have allured anyone, but I cherish thinking about the lines that I have to write in future, at the time I write any piece of code.</p>

	<p>The ease of drag and drop, visual interface, sweet error messages, and obviously my hidden intentions, forced me to fall for VB.NET. I used VB.NET to its full, the just fixation that confuses is that if I was using VB.NET or I was being used by VB.NET. Anyways, whatever be the case, VB.NET made triumph of my intentions simpler. Making and pressing buttons, slipping in the underlying code, exploring the hidden parts, and to conclude seeing the caressed code was all too blissful. In short I got physical with VB.NET, just corporal, no poignant and sentimental relations, and probably this was the driving force behind my voyage with VB.NET.</p>

	<p>It is not thorny to recall, though expressing, the feelings of working around in VB.NET. The moment mouse hovers over the Icon, the beautiful alluring tool tip text appears, and one is forced to open the IDE. Important thing is that here the one is probably only me, as the VB.NET license claims. The moment IDE is in front, I can bet it's very difficult to move the eyes away. The buttons, list box, main form, options, explorers and everything visible are very beautifully arranged, and are of just perfect shape and size. One is forced to feel, and tang every crumb that is discernible. One can feel the smoothness, curves, and the tingling taste, as one moves the mouse over the components in the open IDE. I cannot lay in words, the feel of drag and virtual smell of help files. The moment you are in hesitation, help is there. The tutorials provided in MSDN are splendid, just ideal, or perhaps I am an express beginner. All the mistakes are corrected, that too in real time. Let me exemplify my point, imagine one is dragging over the push buttons and in the course one writes wrong code, the expressions appear, highlighted, with help messages to rescue. The way VB.NET holds ones hands and teaches the practicality of working, is what I cherish most.</p>

	<p>The overwhelming encounters of the beginning, which were constrained to the IDE, sooner got me into the internal codes. I started slipping my hands in the auto generated code files. One point worth mentioning about these files is the warmth of the code. These codes are not only stunning in the organization, but also one can experience the tight programming done, which at the same time provides complete modularity to adjust. I was flabbergasted, as the code adapted to the new lines I added, but there is a limit to everything and so does it has, one worked well, two worked well, but when I tried inserting three modules, the IDE started crying. It is interesting, the coordination between the inner code and the IDE is real-time, the moment you pop in the first module, you can see the change in the buttons, and so is true for two modules, but sadly with three modules the IDE begins to crash. Anyways, for programmers like me, who likes tight codes, it is good. Another interesting feature, though intuitive, is the repeated addition and deletion of the modules from the auto-generated code leads to change in the complete look and feel of the IDE, starting from glow, it rises to the zenith, and then all of a sudden crashes, though the crashed interface looks satisfying.</p>

	<p>I fail to remember things and so I forgot to reveal the veiled influence of VB.NET. Until now, I was talking only about the effects started by the user, but VB.NET can also affect the user automatically. Well, I have seen the effects only on me, so obviously the results may not be portable. I know you will laugh these experiences off, but it is very true that, sometimes the label can leave the form and reach the cloths of the user and when they reach the skin, they lead to sensual pain. Well, it may be that I was using a reflective projector on a translucent screen, which led to the cause. Another thing that I have realized over the time is that VB.NET has a variable behavior, say one has fiddled with the inner codes a lot, then VB.NET can give one an exotic high, and say the fiddling was constrained then one may get some circular motions on the programmer's chair. I found VB.NET behavior to change with the other services running on the system, especially the voice recognition service. While coding, use of wrong verbal commands, may lead to abrupt crashes in VB.NET IDE and sometimes all the previously written code is lost, leaving one with the only option of reprogramming.</p>

	<p>Not all parts of the voyage, experiments, life and associated are excellent, and so became true for the relations between VB.NET and me. One day all of a sudden, an error message appeared on my screen, stating that VB.NET was going to crash and stop working if I did not upgrade from the trial license to the professional license. This was never the case with C and JAVA. Well I figured out an option to overcome the error, and installed some cracks and it worked. Alas! That was not the only hiccup, a day later VB.NET started for more disk space and then physical memory, and more and more resources. I just hate any programming language that starts eating up my systems resources. I realized that the black and white interface of VI editor for C, or the NETBEANS IDE for JAVA were better, if they did not provide many lucrative features, they at least provided customization. If it had ended there, I would have been happy, but then Microsoft stepped in to spoil all left. Warning about internal code modification, beyond a limit, which I anyways never wanted to do, started popping over my screen now and then. I felt totally jaded, perturbed and so did I inform to Microsoft, but to no avail.</p>

	<p>I wanted to get back to my old way of programming and started to dump VB.NET, and found even that was not easy. In fact, I, hooked in with VB.NET, have to program in it now and then. Well the benefit of the dumping process brought some relief. Microsoft promised that the system will not crash and the resource usage would restrain, if I apply patches and surrender my system to VB.NET occasionally. Well it is not as if I cannot dump VB.NET, but the ease I mentioned lures me towards it, after all, I am also a programmer, not someone divine. With the surety that VB.NET will not crash someday and will not crash my system either, or Microsoft will not poke its nose in my business, at least when I am offline, I am continuing to program in VB.NET, and to the benefit of all, it is periodic in nature with very low frequency.</p>

	<p>Well, that was my experience with VB.NET and it may be that you have experienced something else, if in case you too got the license. I am carrying out with C, JAVA and PYTHON now, with infrequent peep into PHP and am in high spirits. VB.NET still resides on my system, but I click on the Icon rarely now, though I use it when I need something that is not featured in other languages or I need a safer way to program quickly.</p>

	<p>Towards the end, I have a warning for you, if you ever use VB.NET in parallel to me, and VB.NET discusses it with me (this is a must), I may blow your system, format your hard disk, and may even rip your balls off (If you have. For people who do not have, they can program with me if they like). If you are a user from past, tell me how to tweak VB.NET to my needs, I will be grateful.</p>

	<p>That is it. I will update you as the voyage progresses. See you, bye.</p>

</div>